Add sources to BQ guide (#7101)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/bigquery-qs.md

    This time, when you performed a `dbt run`, separate views/tables were created for `stg_customers`, `stg_orders` and `customers`. dbt inferred the order to run these models. Because `customers` depends on `stg_customers` and `stg_orders`, dbt builds `customers` last. You do not need to explicitly define these dependencies.

## Build models on top of sources

Sources make it possible to name and describe the data loaded into your warehouse by your extract and load tools. By declaring these tables as sources in dbt, you can:
- select from source tables in your models using the `{{ source() }}` function, helping define the lineage of your data
- test your assumptions about your source data
- calculate the freshness of your source data

1. Create a new YML file `models/sources.yml`.
2. Declare the sources by copying the following into the file and clicking **Save**.

    <File name='models/sources.yml'>

    ```yml
    version: 2

    sources:
        - name: jaffle_shop

>           description: This is a replica of the Postgres database used by our app

Author: ```suggestion
          description: This is a replica of the dbt_tutorial database used by our app
```

>           description: This is a replica of the Postgres database used by our app

Reviewer: Hiya @matthewshaver 

Is it worth adding a note somewhere to make users aware although this is a replica of the Postgres database, it can be used for BQ?

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: This is a sample description of what the customer might say in their environment rather than anything instructional. Should be good as is to keep it consistent with the other guides. Great call out!

>           description: This is a replica of the dbt_tutorial database used by our app

Author: ```suggestion
          description: This is a replica of the Postgres database used by our app
```

>           database: raw

Author: ```suggestion
          database: dbt-tutorial
```

          schema: jaffle_shop
          tables:
              - name: customers
                description: One record per customer.
              - name: orders
                description: One record per order. Includes cancelled and deleted orders.
    ```

    </File>

3. Edit the `models/stg_customers.sql` file to select from the `customers` table in the `jaffle_shop` source.

    <File name='models/stg_customers.sql'>

    ```sql
    select
        id as customer_id,
        first_name,
        last_name

    from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'customers') }}
    ```

    </File>

4. Edit the `models/stg_orders.sql` file to select from the `orders` table in the `jaffle_shop` source.

    <File name='models/stg_orders.sql'>

    ```sql
    select
        id as order_id,
        user_id as customer_id,
        order_date,
        status

    from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'orders') }}
    ```

    </File>

5. Execute `dbt run`. 

    The results of your `dbt run` will be exactly the same as the previous step. Your `stg_customers` and `stg_orders`

>     models will still query from the same raw data source in Snowflake. By using `source`, you can

Reviewer: Hiya @matthewshaver 

Should this say BigQuery as opposed to Snowflake?

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: Yup! Good catch

>     models will still query from the same raw data source in Snowflake. By using `source`, you can

Author: ```suggestion
    models will still query from the same raw data source in BigQuery. By using `source`, you can
```
